why do you think most people don't ever
reach Financial Freedom in their lives
this is where people get it so wrong one
of the secrets to success is Cody
Sanchez he's an entrepreneur who's
invested in over 100 companies turning
over millions a year after spending 15
years on Wall Street he's now sharing
her secrets to the World on how to make
money I think that is the question
everyone's asking themselves I think
every human should understand the
language of money it's not that complex
we just make it sound complex because
the less people speak our language the
more we can charge them for the first
time in 25 years the richest 1% will
control more than half of the world's
wealth by next year the Gap is huge this
is why only one in 10 people dies
wealthy if you understand the language
you can become an expert in it and
expertise leads to a bunch of cash but
what have you come to learn about what
holds us back in that moment the people
who love you they want what's best for
them which is that you're safe you're
secure everything's okay my loved ones
were super supportive but they were
always saying things like is the grass
Always Greener Cody and so we've become
a generation of vitamin D deficient
alternative milk drinking softies so I
had a job I shouldn't have been at a guy
I shouldn't have been with in a place I
shouldn't live but I was too scared I'm
not one of those entrepreneurs that just
burn the bridges or sleep on the couch
and so I needed something where I could
stare step my way out of a corporate job
and then I realized this could be way
bigger than what anybody else could pay
me we zoom in on that moment what would
you recommend my first step be Cody
first you have to
before this episode starts I have a
small favor to ask from you two months
ago 74% of people that watched this
channel didn't subscribe we're now down
to
69% my goal is 50% so if you've ever
liked any of the videos we've posted if
you like this channel can you do me a
quick favor and hit the Subscribe button
it helps this channel more than you know
and the bigger the channel gets as
you've seen the bigger the guests get
thank you and enjoy this episode
[Music]
Cody who are you speaking to and what is
the message that you're trying to send
them I think that every man and woman
maybe people like you and I when we were
younger before we had any zeros or
businesses and the meage the message is
very simple it's that I think by and
large and maybe they could feel this
inside them too we've slowly gone from a
nation of owners or a country of owners
or a world of owners to uh a nation of
renters or surfs in another word and the
idea is what if we could take that back
and that's the whole premise of
everything we do is getting people into
the owner's chair into ownership as
opposed to letting other people be the
architects of their lives and it took me
way too long to do that and so I'm
hoping that it will take other people
less time if we share give me the
Persona then of someone that you believe
will find Value in this conversation
like where where are they are they in
their life what are they thinking day to
day um what are their aspirations yeah I
I think there's sort of three humans
that I picture there's one that I call
working John and um and he is basically
or she but I just have a male Avatar for
this one is sitting in a job right now
that they don't really like doing things
they don't want to do for people they
don't like and building their dream and
their castle and they're mad about it
although your choice to be there but
they're mad about that decision and they
want to they want a way out but they
have either golden handcuffs or they
make too much money or they have
responsibility bills that have to be
paid and so they don't really feel like
they have a solution except going to
find like the next best but kind of
still worst company and then the second
avatar is there's an there's an aging
population that by and large in the
workforce we say ah you're over 50 or 60
like you're not getting as many job
looks as you were before but now we live
until we're 90 so what are they supposed
to do for 30 40 years
and I think their evolution can be also
buying a business taking over something
becoming an owner and maybe something
not aggressive as aggressive as they
were before and then I think the the
third Avatar are humans who kind of got
sold pipe dreams over the last couple
years like if I buy 472 houses that pay
me a hundred bucks a a month profit uh
I'll finally become financially free
well it takes a lot of cash to do that
or you know if I have nfts on the side
or if I go into the stock market Market
on the side all of which aren't rigged
games exactly but are meant to just beat
inflation and so that third group of
people might like what they're doing
they just need they need something else
on the side that's a little bit of a
safety net because I don't think our
safety nets will be around by the time
we need them and you've been through
your own Journey from the corporate
world to working in finance working as a
journalist where you are now which one
of those avatars did you represent well
I was definitely a working John so that
would have been the first one when I was
in finance I was doing well but I
definitely felt trapped I mean I was all
those things I was should have been
happy and content with where I was but
felt like the 60 hour work weeks were
too much and I didn't really like the
culture of the company that I was
working for um I had a lot of respect
for the CEO but I didn't really fit and
uh but I was too scared I'm like a
little bit of a scaredy cat I'm not one
of those entrepreneurs like our mutual
friend Alex who just was like burn the
bridg I'll sleep on the couch you know I
I'll sell it all that's just not me it's
too scary and so I needed something
where I could have like a soft Landing I
could ster step my way out of a
corporate job so I started buying these
small businesses with the idea that
maybe one day they could just meet meet
my costs and then I realized oh God I'm
thinking so small this could be way
bigger than what anybody else could pay
me but I was a working John for sure we
zoom in on that moment cuz I think most
people listening to this now can can
relate to that moment of
maybe hearing you speak and hearing your
content online or hearing an Alex OSI or
whatever hearing Gary veay whoever it
might be talk about starting that
business pursuing that side Hustle but
there's this
psychological barrier to overcome which
most of us can't overcome we call it
fear we say you know that I'm waiting
for the perfect time I don't have the
confidence if you zoom in on that now
you've started this new journey in your
life where you're creating content and
you're advising people on how they can
pursue the paths that you've pursued it
yourself
what have you come to learn about what
holds us back in that moment and the and
the maybe the falseness of the stories
we tell ourselves you you described it
as being a scaredy cat yeah I at least
for myself what I'll say is you know
daughter of immigrants um who thought
that what I had achieved was the
Pinnacle you know people that I love
more than anybody in the world and maybe
that's similar for a lot of people
listening the people who love you they
want what's best for them typically
which is that you're safe you're secure
everything's okay they don't really want
what's quote unquote best for you
because that's actually the scary thing
real growth happens when you take huge
risks and you potentially fail and you
realize that you're not going to die and
so I realized that my loved ones were
some of the reasons that were actually
holding me back um super supportive but
they were always saying things like is
the grass Always Greener Cody you know
what about this next thing is that
really going to make you happy you know
are you sure it's not you is it them and
in some cases they're right I just have
that that ridiculous urge to keep
growing and doing more but that that
made me jump from 1 two 3 four five five
finance companies in like 10 years or
something like that because I thought it
was each it was the individual company
and I didn't realize oh no I'm just like
unemployable I want to work for myself
I'm not going to be great at being at
somebody else's employee um but it was
the stories that I heard again and again
from my family because they wanted to
keep me safe very kind but not right for
me so in your life there comes a moment
where you make this kind of peculiar
decision I say peculiar because most
people don't make the decision to um
start off- ramping from the corporate
world essentially yeah you you buy your
first business right so you're you're in
a job yep and while you're in the job
you decide to buy a business y did you
have loads of cash when you did that no
no no no in fact and why did you do it
what was what was the thought process
that made you go you know what that's a
good idea I think it's usually triggered
from from some sort of pain like at that
time I was was fighting a little bit
with the CEO of the company that I was
working in and they really wanted me to
they wanted me to run this business that
I had taken from zero to a couple
billion in assets under management and
they wanted me to continue running it
but I started getting press and stuff
started happening because we had had
this growth and they wanted me to do it
really quietly and um not as much the
CEO but some of the other managing
directors I was by far the youngest I
was the only female and um you
know that company was wild but they
basically in many ways were like um you
need to do it our way and I was like
well your way didn't get you to this
couple billion dollars under management
it works great for you guys over here
but it didn't over there so no I'm going
to run the business this way and uh and
so we were kind of arguing little bit
and I think I saw the writing on the
wall that it wasn't my Casino they
weren't my chips I was working for
somebody else and at the end of the day
they were writing the rules as is fair
it was their business and I knew that at
some point I was either going to get
pushed out or leave and so at that point
I started buying these businesses on the
side because I wasn't sure I wanted to
work for somebody ever again I'm I'm
fascinated by the first step people take
because the first step seems to be the
hardest that first step to buying that
first business and your stepping out
into uncertainty and the unknown there
and that's really like the you know if I
could give one thing to the audiences
that have listened to me for the last 10
years on social media and on this
podcast it would just be the answer to
taking that first step like out into
like you did at 2930 to buy that first
business talk me talk to me about
specifically that first one what were
you looking for y what was your thesis
and um I guess how did you learn how did
you learn about buying as you call them
boring businesses yeah well I had a
benefit which is as a journalist I sort
of infiltrated Finance I'm not
technically as intelligent uh you know
I'm not as I'm not a financial modeling
Guru I'm not a lot of things that people
are in finance but I'm pretty decent at
asking questions and then figuring out
who are the right people that could get
me the answers and so what I realized
pretty quickly is we were doing a bunch
of deals you know I was doing deals that
were tens of millions hundreds of
millions and billion dollar deals and I
don't know why it took me so long but I
realized there's no difference like
materially between a billion dollar a
hundred million doll A10 million doll
deal and a $1 million deal and if that's
the case then I bet if I have a couple
hundred thousand or $10,000 I could do a
much smaller deal wouldn't I be able to
do the exact same thing so I saw behind
the curtain uh you like at The Wizard of
Oz and realized that the wizard was
actually pretty short and because I saw
that then I just said well now we just
work backwards and just like you would
buy
you know a $100
million condo unit or you know Condo
building you could see how you could go
all the way back and buy your first
studio right it's the same thing with
businesses it's just stair stepping real
estate and so I at the time my biggest
constraint was not knowledge I knew how
to do deals it was time you know I was
working 60 70 hours a week and so one of
the first deals I did was a laundromat
deal uh because I figured well you you
don't need somebody to run it full-time
and it was a 100K transaction and so
that wouldn't bankrupt me and you know I
could buy a little business like this
and that business could keep running
even while I wasn't there and I could
have an operator that could probably
help me with anything that went sideways
why did you find a laundry mat to buy
for 100k was it a website did you know
the guy or the woman no no the guy so
basically what happened for my first
deals I didn't have a framework so it
was just hey I do these really big deals
could I do a smaller deal and if I could
do a smaller deal what would be the
easiest small deal to do that would be
the least risk and so at the time I knew
a guy that was running a couple of
laundromats so I basically said to him
hey if I find one for you will you help
me operate it and he knew how to do that
so the very first one we had was in
California and that's one of the secrets
to this is two things first you have to
learn how to do deals which is not
really that complex we just make it
sound complex in finance because
Financial lingo is like the OTE around
how we make money right the less people
speak our language the more we can
charge them which is the secret and then
the second aspect was how to run a
laundromat right like I don't know
machine breaks what am I going to do and
so then I had this guy who knew how to
run these and I could just find the deal
for him close the deal for him and be
the cash for him why did they sell to
you old you know these are 68-year-old
owners of a business that have been
running this laundr map plus a bunch of
other small businesses in the vicinity
for 20 30 years and so can can you
imagine running your podcast for 30
years would probably be fun but by the
end you might be open to selling now
imagine you had a laundromat for 30
years you know you're dealing with
broken machines or there's somebody
who's homeless messing around with some
stuff at a certain point you don't even
want to continue with a profitable
business and this is where people get it
so wrong all the time on the internet
people love to tell me no way would
anybody sell a business that business
made $67,000 in profit so I bought it
for 100k a year did 6 7,000 and people
on the internet do one or two things to
that they go no [__] way it didn't
happen and why would somebody sell and
like did you give them a bad deal and
the second uh group of people go that's
a terrible deal I'd never do that deal
because you don't have enough profit in
that for that to be a business not a job
so those are the two two things and to
the first one I'd say in the US right
now there are tens of millions of small
businesses for sale that will never sell
and and I tell a story about my uncle EB
who had a small business that was
exactly that
um that he closed down which by the way
costs you money as opposed to selling
because he had no idea his business was
sellable um like many businesses that I
had before I did this I shut down
instead of selling them I didn't even
realize that even though I was in
finance and then to the second group I'd
say you start with a small business that
probably isn't the greatest business for
you to own long term but businesses are
like real estate you can turn around and
sell them after you get in the game but
I think of these businesses I call them
gateway drug businesses they're they're
the once you learn how to do a deal
you'll you'll never see the world the
same again it will change your entire
perspective on everything you will walk
in everywhere and you will realize that
business is full of masochists like you
and me who do this despite it being
awful many times but we love it in some
way but at some point we're going to
want to sell our thing and move on to
the next and so everywhere around you
right now wherever you are somebody
sitting next to you wants to sell their
business and what if you could figure
out how to buy that business put in an
oper in it and then do it again and
again and again and that's the only
difference between you and Warren
Buffett or Blackstone or these big huge
companies is it important to have
competence in the area and the industry
that you're trying to buy these small
businesses in in your point of view not
really no not at all but it helps right
oh of course it helps um more important
than anything is it's sort of like real
estate it's really about the deal can
you understand can you read a balance
sheet can you understand profit and loss
which is not that difficult to
understand
and then can you figure out how to get
to the person that can get you answers
so for instance I didn't know anything
about laundromats but I knew a guy who
knew laundr mats um often what I tell
people these days is I'm a I'm more old
school like I would go knock on doors
and I would Shake business owners hands
but uh you could also go to Reddit where
there are uh platforms with a 100,000
electricians on them and so if you
wanted to buy an HVAC company which was
which is like heating uh air
conditioning and often electric
electricity um I would go on there and I
would try to find electricians in my
local area and I would ask them
questions and I would pay them for an
hour consult to figure out how to run
this business I think we forget in this
day and age how easy it is to get the
information that we want and so we
listen to the fear of the fact that we
don't know what we're doing and I
actually think that's irrational uh I
think it's really easy for somebody to
tell you why things won't work it's
actually quite hard to convince somebody
that they're capable of doing something
what if I don't have 100K you had 100K
right yeah say I'm working a job I've
saved up I know $5,000 yeah well I've
bought a business for $3,000 I've bought
a business for $8,000 and I've bought
many many many businesses for
Z and and I'm not saying this in a way
that's click baity do will you go out
right now talk to somebody tomorrow and
be able to buy a business for zero like
you're going to need to do a little work
um just on the structuring of the deal
right just on the structuring of the
deal so they get paid on performance
exactly or they get paid on what's
called seller financing so these you
know you can go and most businesses most
small businesses below $10 million in
Revenue 60% of them sell with some
component of seller financing which just
means if let's say you know somebody
manages your property here let's say
that that property manager makes 100K a
year profit they want to sell their
business you're a terrible tenant they
can't handle it
anymore and they sell that business they
want to sell that business typically for
for 2 to 5x profit that's what these
small businesses go for and the the
typically there aren't enough buyers
like there's not a bunch of people run
around trying to buy property management
companies so what do they do instead
well you would come to them and say all
right I'll buy out your property
management company but you're going to
be my loan I'm going to pay you a
percent interest rate plus uh I'm going
to defer your tax burden so you pay less
in taxes nobody likes that and uh and
I'm going to buy the business by giving
you
$300,000 with uh you know over 5 years
right so I'm going to keep a percentage
of the profits and I'm going to give the
rest to you and it's not really that
complex it's really what happened in
real estate before we had Zillow and red
fin and all of these sites that made it
super normalized to sell real
estate the as you said a second ago the
real key here is knowing the art of the
possible as it relates to Deals the way
you construct your deals so that um you
win yeah 100% basically well and the I
think the truth of deal making that
people forget about is that it is one of
the very few things where it's never a
zero Sun game yeah so if I go to sell a
stock I hope that when I sold the stock
I sold at the right time and you bought
at the wrong time right like that's what
we hope in buying and selling small
businesses that doesn't have to be the
case you know I could buy I could sell
my property management company to you
you could pay me 3x profits and I could
say but if the company increases Revenue
by x amount which I think it will with
these tweaks and I kind of help you a
little bit how about you pay me 400,000
instead of 300,000 and you would go
great if you hit those metrics no
problem that'd be an awesome deal for me
so there's plenty of ways to make sure
it's a win-win but to your point this is
why people are poor because nobody
teaches us the language of deals and if
somebody taught us not how to negotiate
our salary that's fine but how to
negotiate for equity and ownership the
world would whole look a whole lot
different but that's not in the big
pictures incentive it's really good for
the little guy not so good for the big
guy
the other thing when you're approaching
a business and trying to get them to
knowing this how to structure deal is
one thing but then there's an element of
persuasion and
salesmanship yeah involved in this how
important is is learning to sell and how
how can we bet be better salese in your
view what is the key to being a great
sales person because you must be to be
buying businesses you must be able to
figure out what someone wants and
present it to them I truly believe that
sales is a fallacy I don't think sales
exists I think you find people who are
already predisposed to want what you are
quote unquote selling and I learned that
very early on from one of my mentors
actually a Goldman that you don't sell
anybody on anything you're never going
to change somebody's mind and if you
think I'm wrong go try to convince a
republican to become a Democrat right or
a Tory to become I don't know what's the
other
side okay and it doesn't really go very
well usually and so um my belief is
actually what you're looking for is just
who are the people who are you're you're
finding trigger moments like if I was to
have a conversation with Stephen about
selling your business I would try I
would be asking questions like you know
how's it going running wow 20 years
that's a long time if if their answer is
[__] love this business I am never
selling this is amazing you're like cool
awesome no problem so lovely meet
meeting you but if you meet the person
that's like yeah I'm ready I'm ready to
retire I've got this vision of a ranch
in my head out in the countryside and
you know but my kid doesn't want to take
over the business you're not you're not
going to get them to think something
different you're purely discovering what
they truly feel and then you are going
to be the person that enables them to
have a retirement in a way that no
government can like you are the
retirement plan and so that's maybe what
you need to learn is just curiosity for
another human and then you need to
understand what a what a motivated
seller looks like and a motivated seller
looks like somebody who's ready for
their next adventure whatever that may
be and if you can find those two things
then you find the people that actually
yes they want what you're selling now
what you actually do have to convince
somebody of and I hope you're true about
it is that you are going to be a good
shepherd if you are going to be their
retirement plan you better not go broke
right you better actually be able to
take this business and run with it and
so that is one part where you have to
convince like why should I sell this
business to you Stephen how are you
going to take care of my business bu and
that part really again comes down to
curiosity making sure that you're
setting yourself up and the seller for
Success not rocket
science if I I'm G to play um I'm G to
play the role of a 25y old okay I'm
working in a job I'm I got a little bit
of disposal income but not a ton yeah
I'm listening to you Cody and I'm going
I want some of that you've got a holding
company right yeah you got a fund as
well yeah how much roughly the revenue
of the in company 70 million 70 million
so your holding company does about 70
million Revenue you got a fund as well
yep how big is the fund small 10 okay so
80 million combined um I want to get to
where you you are but I'm currently
working in a job I'm 25 years old I've
got I don't know $7,000 in the bank
£7,000 in the bank whatever what would
you recommend my first step be Cody how
do I get out of this job yeah well the
first step if you if you're going to
like a pro I'd say this which is tell me
what you do for a living I
do content perfect so if you do content
for living what I'd say is don't buy a
laundromat I talk about laundromats I
actually need to change that I need to
like tell somebody I bought a different
first business because it's a terrible
business to buy it just was my first one
and it's very easy to understand so I'm
like if you can't understand quarter
machine clothes clean don't buy a
business any business just forget you
heard me talk about anything and so
that's why I talk about laundr mats but
if I was going to do it theway I would
say you should use your unfair advantage
and if you're in the content business
don't buy a boring business in the
traditional sense look around you I it's
something I call my personal p&l review
so I would basically look at what do I
spend money on already if you're in
content you probably spend money on ad
purchasing right you probably spend
money on video production you probably
spend money on maybe you rent a a set
space um you have all these expenses
around you and what if you could turn
one or two of those expenses into an
asset not a liability thing that makes
you money not a thing that costs you
money and so you know I did a deal back
when I was doing more video production
in my last company where I bought a
podcast and video production company and
I did that deal basically for Zar I
think I put $10,000 down for that deal
that ended up doing about 300 $400,000 a
year because I just said I know like
five or six other people that could use
your service I'm going to like double
your Revenue by introducing you to these
people and I pay you let's say $3,000 a
month now what if we're just going to
wipe that out if I can hire these other
people and you're going to give me 25%
of the company or whatever percentage it
was that's what I would do if I was you
so if you're young and hungry look
around you and see what you pay for and
what you currently utilize already and
then try to get a percentage of that
business if not buying the whole thing
and and that's sort of the pro way to do
it as opposed to Car Wash need to go
learn totally different Market you can
do the second it's just a little bit
riskier so I'm I'm working in content 25
years old $7,000 in the bank um I
realize what you've just said and I go
you know I'm at a marketing agency we
book a lot of Studios yeah so what I'm
going to do is I'm going to approach a
studio space try and do a deal with them
and then I'm going to send clients their
way
yeah you could totally do that that'd be
a Sweat Equity deal or a REV Equity deal
Revenue Equity deal so for a studio
space I mean I think the the probably
Pro way to do that um would be one you'd
approach them and you'd kind of get an
understanding for their business you'd
be like how much revenue do you make
like how big is this you'd figure out if
you were material to their business so
me doing 3K a year with my video
production guy I was material to this
business he was only doing I don't know
you know $100,000 a year or something
like that and so if my 3K went away that
was you know that's like 20% of his
business right there over a yearly basis
so if you go to a studio production
company and they're like yeah we're
doing $7 million a year and you're
paying them 3K you're like all right
cool anyway nice to chat with you or you
could say you know who's the owner how
long you've been doing this and you
could dive into it and the other side of
the coin is you might find out that the
owner is 70 and you become buds with the
owner and the owner loves when you come
in because you're kind of like young and
you learn about what does and then you
ask who's going to take over the
business and then you might say Hey you
know I do this other thing but I would
love to sort of be an apprentice to you
in a way and potentially buy your
business using future profits and you
can sort of like stay on and we can
stare step our way into this but would
you be open to that like leaving your
legacy to somebody like me and so you
could do it that way too but I think it
is learn it goes back to kind of the
smart question you asked which is like
the two avatars are who's listening to
this right now and then that's the same
question to the people listening that
you're going to ask the owner what sort
of Avatar is the owner and how can you
become the solution to what that Avatar
is looking for how can you become the
son to the father you know how can you
become the buyer to a really anxious
seller um and then you can get your deal
done why do you think most
people don't ever reach Financial
Freedom in their lives do you think it's
a psych psychology thing a mindset thing
obviously let take you know the very
practical elements out of the equation
so you know severe hardship poverty all
of those kinds of things but people that
are in that sort of middle layer that
are comfortable why do why do they never
some of those people never really reach
a point of Financial
Freedom I
think
humans defer to the paths they've seen
before them I think so often we follow
in our fathers or our mother 's
footsteps and that's why I think the
internet's really powerful is you have
an opportunity to now choose the family
footsteps you want to follow into um so
one I I used to think it was just a
knowledge
Gap but then I I went to this event um
and I was talking to my friend about it
and she uh said that the facilitators
did something really cool it was a group
of women imagine like 40 women in a room
right and they're there to talk about
finances and in this room they said okay
everybody close your eyes and I want you
to picture money picture money right now
and then I want you to turn your body
into the shape you feel when you hear
the word money right and so 30 women all
eyes closed they take whatever shape and
she goes now open your eyes and look
around and you know my friend was
explaining to me how most people in the
room were like fetal position they were
like holding they were like really close
somewhere on the ground you know some
were covering their eyes so in a room of
30 relatively successful women their
reaction was like attack shame guilt for
money she was like and you know she was
standing there with her arms open wide
like you know give me the money and when
I think about my relationship with money
it's the same thing I'm like if I think
about money I'm like yeah it's over here
like my hands are up like I am here for
it but most people have this weird
emotional attachment to money and so I
used to think that people on the
internet like not I like Tony Robbins
but like Tony Robbins or whatever who do
a lot of the motivational stuff I kind
of didn't get it I'm like just give me
the tactics skip the skip the other
thing and then I realize that most
people have really bad stories that they
tell themselves about money and you
could tell I mean it be interesting your
next speech you could try it I tried it
at one of mine same thing men and women
holding each other like they're being
beaten when somebody talks about money
the average human feels that way and so
I think it it all comes down to what we
believe which is hard for somebody in
finance like me to say you know
typically I would think well if you knew
what to do you could just do it
but that's not the case it's you have to
believe that you can do it and the only
way I can figure out to get more people
to believe that they can do it is to
show more people who are super normal or
in fact below average doing the damn
thing but if I had the answer to that
that'd be the million-dollar question I
I read a a stat in the US that only one
in 10 people dies wealthy in the US that
most people die broke uh and uh and
Young
and and I thought that was fascinating
because we're at economic High Times
Like lower poverty levels than ever
before but still most people die uh at
least without extra cash to pass on to
the next Generation why do you you think
people don't reach Financial Freedom or
most people die without a lot of cash I
think um obviously it's a very complex
topic but I think I really resonate with
the emotional psych psychological
side of things that you described you
know it's the same reason why most
people don't go to the gym or eat
healthy money is inherently emotional
when I was when I had no money I was
Reckless with money right all the
gambling shops are in the areas where
people don't have money um there's
something deeply psychological about
money so I would if I when I was working
in those call centers if I got paid
£1,000 at the end of the month I would
the same day go and buy a TV or an Xbox
like a PlayStation
for about6
700 I would not pay my rent to go and
buy that PlayStation and sometimes I'd
buy the PlayStation without having a TV
there was just something psychologically
attached to the I don't know the
dopamine rush or the sense of selfworth
that I got from owning the shiny thing
when I got
money my relationship with money became
amazing I I stopped buying designer
things I stopped wasting it I didn't
feel a need to to show off or buy you
know Rolexes or whatever so I was able
to preserve wealth more there's a really
interesting relationship with money on
both ends of the spectrum when when you
have less of it it's hard it's often
because of certain psychological things
and certain people I was one of them
it's harder to hold on to when you have
more of it it feels easier to hoard and
people you know and more broadly on the
on the subject of
um why people don't reach Financial
Freedom I
think the modern world tells us that we
can get rich quick yeah and when you
think about how people build wealth we
think about the war and buffets of the
world it's so boring and slow and no
who's going to buy that book yeah you
know get be a billionaire at 87 I [__]
what I'm not going to be able to you
know dance in the Nightclub at 87 so why
do I want a billion then that's why the
nft thing and the crypto scam this
whatever is all appealing to people yeah
cuz it's quick yeah it's true well you
know what's I actually um was reading
somewhere a story about in South Africa
in the slums um they have the highest
concentration of the largest televisions
uh per square foot of the the houses so
they you if you've been there and and
I've actually never been so I can't
validate but you will see very small
little rooms with huge televisions and
and I thought that was interesting um
but it actually makes sense because
maybe it comes down to a belief that
people don't think they're ever going to
get out and so they think the only
chance of getting out is going
into whatever the short-term pleasure is
it's like if you never think you're
going to escape your everyday reality
which is actually kind of miserable then
you're going to buy the PlayStation
because why wouldn't you why would you
save and try to get out when you've
never seen anybody else get out but what
does the play the PlayStation means so
much more to you in that moment than
PlayStation it means it's your it's
selfworth it's one tiny token that you
are successful yeah that you can show
your friends or that you can just even
for your own self-esteem it's so much
more than a
PlayStation the thing that invalidates
you in this case money will be the thing
that has the greatest chance of making
you feel valid and so if if in my house
the lack of money was always the thing
that caused my shame so the minute I got
any of it I Would overcompensate by
trying to buy some [__] to show people
yeah um and then when I had loads of it
he gave a [__] like yeah that's true
that void was almost filled so yeah it's
true I also think it's hard I mean I
remember many times where uh you know I
remember checking accounts always being
overdrawn and uh and you know seeing the
little negative pin on my you know email
and and cell phone that you couldn't
there there was nothing else in there
you know when I was in college and
trying to figure it out before I made
any money I think I made like 37k in my
first job at a college um so I
definitely remember all that but I think
if you can have this belief and you can
get around other humans who have have
had success or are striving for succcess
your aperture just opens in a different
way and then maybe the commercials and
the ads and the things that make you
feel like you want to buy all the
everyday stuff go away like I don't
really like I kind of viscerally get mad
when I see people who have wealth
showing images of them in their
Bentley's or rolls-royces or I mean I
have a nice watch but like you don't see
me show that [__] anywhere I like when
people are sh themselves in their
private planes or whatever I just think
they're missing the whole boat and then
what they're doing is is they're
perpetuating the PlayStation situation
they're doing it again and again and
they're doing it because it doesn't make
them happy anymore to have it that's not
enough I have to show a bunch of people
I got it and what they should actually
be showing is man I just invested in my
first stock that's [__] cool look at
I mean if you look at my stuff it's like
I have laundromats and car washes behind
me all the time in them because that's
the stuff that you should try to strive
for you can actually pass it down it can
pay you back you can buy as many
PlayStations as you want but I think to
your point the other thing is we are all
you know have you ever felt um like when
you're around other people and uh and
they're sort of negative or they want to
talk about people the whole time and
like how that energy feels it's like
it's draining right even if you kind of
get caught up in and it's fun for a
second at the end you're like [__] that
was a I feel kind of gross for having
that combo I think it's the same with
ads and stuff that we take into us and
so they're basically creating our
stories for us in social media by
showing all this fancy stuff
and then we start to have this mimetic
desire this external desire and belief
that we actually that we want it that we
need it but we don't we're just becoming
a replica of the people that we're
surrounding ourselves with which are now
social media there's no even growing up
there's no laundry mats and 50 cents
videos yeah you know what I mean should
be it's all sports cars and mansions and
stuff so that was my North Star as a
young black man it was like how do I get
a mansion and a sport in a sports car
and in the first page of my diary 18
years old it says four things I want to
achieve before I'm 25 bear in mind I was
shoplifting pizzas at the time and I was
um a university Dropout not speaking to
my parents with two ccjs which is like
when the the court is coming for you for
death I wrote um a Range Rover Sport
will be my first car didn't have a
driving license 12 23 um I'll make a
million pounds I'll I work on my body
image again because a very small kid uh
and I'll get a girlfriend those were my
four goals in life and they were totally
influenced
by the outside world that's why my book
is called happy sexy millionaire because
I thought if I became a sexy millionaire
then I would become everything I needed
to be and I was so wrong I mean I don't
regret the decisions I made because you
can't really in hindsight but
um I wish I had better influences to say
the least yeah I mean I think that's why
content's so important you know I think
about I think about Warren Buffett's
annual shareholders meeting right which
you can go and attend if you if you own
stock and you don't have to own much of
it um and I think you know people made
fun of me when I started creating
content online cuz they were like oh big
successful private Equity person now
you're taking your own money and if you
really had companies that made $80
million in Revenue that means they're
you know you're worth a couple hundred
million bucks uh and if that's the case
why would you be making Instagrams and
Tik toks and that doesn't make much
sense right and my reaction at the time
was I think we should make it just as
entertaining talking about stuff that
makes us money as we do stuff that costs
us money I think probably that'd be good
and if we could do that that'd be a
Worthy Mission and also it'd be fun to
try to do it I don't know if we could do
it but um yeah maybe the next rap videos
I mean and now now for honestly my
favorite deals to break down are the
celebrity deals because they're
fascinating like the rock have you ever
looked at the Rock's content from a uh
product
perspective brilliant so the rock if you
look at his content so let's just talk
Instagram if you go to The Rock's
Instagram I want you to count how many
pieces of content he has that have
product placement in them of companies
he owns and the answer is close to 80%
so almost every single post the rock
does is an ad but what do we really see
we see sexy tequila we see ABS we see
him with his beautiful wife like we see
these other things but we don't realize
that every single one of them is an ad
and so what if we could flip that around
like wouldn't it be cool if the rock
talked about the deals he did too and
how he did that now he goes back and he
talks about how he stole stickers bars
similars to you with with pizza um but I
think
even for celebrities they don't want to
talk about the deals that they did they
just want to talk about all the money
that they have it almost seems like faux
somehow to talk about the deals and how
good at deal making they are like Reese
Witherspoon billionaire now why because
Reese Witherspoon little sweet suie
sunshine in pink basically took a book
club and said to authors I'll give you
part of my platform for you to talk
about your book because I'm lovely it's
free you're going to sell a bunch of
books it's tiny insignificant detail I'd
like the future rights to uh turn your
book into a movie and I'll pay you some
sum or I'll have a right of first
refusal AK I have I get the right to buy
it before anybody else and I'll pay you
then for it the author goes amazing
Reese of course perfect they come on
Reese basically AB tests so tests out
which books do best and depending on
which books do best uh Rees Reese buys
their movie rights and makes movies that
create you know tens of millions or
hundreds of millions of dollars in
Revenue but Reese doesn't tell that
story Reese tells the Suzy Sunshine
story of her selling the books I think
the other story is more interesting and
more people can learn from it so when I
hear these deals and when I see these
big success stories we've got Kylie
we've got the Rihanna of the world we've
got Ryan Reynolds The Rock ree
Witherspoon the question that we must
always be asking ourselves I I certainly
ask it is was that them or did they just
have a great advisor a financial adviser
that came along at some point and went
by the way you do like this and you'll
make [__] shitloads yeah well my
question is who cares I still want to
know the secret sauce yeah and so she's
none of them are that dumb where they
don't know what the deal was right like
even if somebody was smarter than them
which could be gree may have a genius
behind her the rock to probably Danny
Garcia his wife his manager Kylie yeah
the goat you know which is weird to say
about the Kardashians but you know
behind them the mom for sure but they're
you know they're smart enough when you
create that much wealth and you do it
continuously multiple times like Reese's
done with Draper James too you
definitely know what's going on so I
think like sharing those Secrets would
be cool but that's usually where people
go people go well they're famous so it's
easy for them or you know who did the
deal and I'm like yeah maybe it's
scooter braa behind the scenes but I'd
like I'd like to know how they
structured that the reason they don't
tell you though is because it feels like
it's the opposite of the authenticity
that they're trying to maintain nailed
it so if they came out and went listen
the way we did you on that whiskey deal
I got 50% my job was to post it with the
abs every week and you guys [__]
bought it and now it's worth a billion
dollars here's the how to they can't do
that deal again because everything they
touch I'm going to think ah it's a deal
well I think you could do it in a way
that was real like you could be like we
did this business and maybe you could
give some of it away like you could be
like you know if if the rock Mak a
billion dollars off of teramana couldn't
he then say we would never have done a
billion dollar deal unless you guys
bought it and because you bought it
we're going to give you some Equity
we're going to allow people to buy into
Equity at the company at a lower
valuation and have access to it I mean
that's kind of what venture capital and
crowdfunding does right so I mean they
can do whatever they want to do but I
think there's so many ways to get around
it and maybe there's nothing but
downside because people these days get
mad when people make money and so maybe
people people would hate that but God I
think it' make a lot more humans Rich
for people to be honest about how they
got there you know I reflect as you were
speaking on a conversation I had with a
cab driver in the UK he said to me are
you're that D of a CEO gu I listen to
your podcast in the cabs and you know
I'm I'm working three jobs this is one
of them and I'm trying to what he was
saying was I'm trying to find Financial
Freedom yeah I'm working this cab job um
I'm doing this other little thing on the
side but I'm trying to find the way I'm
trying to find the way to get out of
this life into and he was scrambling
around he was saying to me you know my
friend does some stuff in Africa and
Ethiopia and he's got some there with
property so I might go there and there's
this other thing I might do those people
those are the ones that I'm trying to
speak to today those ones that like
looking for the way out
mhm well first of all cab drivers and
Uber drivers are my people yeah I always
love them yeah I always chat with them
well and they always listen to my stuff
because they know small business like
they have a friend that owns a laundry
mat or they have a friend that works
inside of a car wash or owns a car wash
these are like bluecollar businesses
right um but usually what I would say to
them is something I actually said to one
of the guys that's with me today I'd say
try to break your frame entirely most
people look for individual next tactics
so they're like what could I do over the
next one two three years to get here one
thing I think is really helpful to do is
say okay you have a three-year goal
break the frame how could you achieve
that goal and 6 months what would be
something so different so out of the box
so big that the goal that was going to
take you 3 to six years is now going to
take you six months and I want you to
spend some time on that spend a week
spend a weekend deeply thinking about
that idea because what you're going to
do is you're going to come up with ideas
for the person that could be the impetus
for your Financial Freedom or for the
business risk that's super smart but you
haven't been wanting to take it and I
think most people they like they weighed
in the shallows of life and you cannot
have massive change by going shallow and
so I like to say when people want an
answer I like to answer ask them a
question because I think they know I
think they know deep down inside but
they get scared just like I did and so
they wait years to do the thing that
they knew they should have done earlier
and I don't think you need a guru or a
podcast to tell you that I think you've
got to break your frame and say I'm
super capable if I was going to do this
crazy thing in six months if anything
was POS if I really believed in myself
what could I do who could I go to that
could make an unfair Advantage for me
and I do think that book who not how
people usually read it as Leaders
because it's a lot about hiring but I
think it's actually about life and I
think usually your answer to Freedom is
a who not a how uh because often for
Hustlers and people who are going to
work hard you know one or two people who
are very wealthy or who run big
businesses there are a few people in
your eco EOS system that you could go to
and become their Hustler for them and
that can lead to Fantastic Financial
reward because most people are not
Relentless in the pursuit of the things
that they want if you can be relentless
you can accomplish way more than the
average person and most of us you used a
phrase earlier on in this conversation
which really stuck with me because I've
used this phrase with my friends over
and over again you said you got to see
behind the curtain and I
remember the first moment in my life
where I really felt like I got to see
behind a cur that I didn't even know was
there for anyone listening to this
podcast there's a curtain on my right
for anyone watching you can see the
curtain on my right behind that curtain
there is actually a room in there and
there's actually another studio in there
where we record some content it's kind
of like a standing up Studio we've got
some backdrops and stuff like that but
the analogy that I'd give you is in
life you never know how many other rooms
there are behind the wall and there was
a point in my life where I started
understanding deals and the public
markets and how
certain High net worth individuals were
playing what I call money games they
were basically not doing much work but
they understood the laws of money so
they could buy things at an Arbitrage or
flip things at an Arbitrage and make
good put them on the public markets and
all of these crazy money games that no
one had ever told me about in life I
thought the way you build wealth is by
working and these [__] the richest
people I know do very little working and
they do a lot of money games Y and they
live behind the curtain that I didn't
even know was there
um and I was thinking about the cab
driver there there's so many what is
behind the curtain the behind the
curtain is a bunch of information that's
essentially what it is you know a bunch
of people that have a bunch of
information what I might say to that cab
driver is like who can take you behind
the curtain even if you have to go get a
[__] job for six months yep like you
were alluding to it there like is there
a guy or a woman that I could go just
Shadow just make the [__] tea and get
behind the curtain and figure out how
they do it yep like if you wanted to be
the best pod in the world or you wanted
to be a good
podcaster you come go host your Rogan if
you can go clean the floors 100% you
know what I mean a lot of people don't
want to want to do that they want to
work their way there but so much in life
is about information right and the
information you you don't even know that
you don't have oh yeah when did you see
behind the curtain you worked in finance
that's unfair yeah I think I think it is
a hack um I saw behind the curtain for
the first time when I had managers and
bosses who are making tens of millions
of dollars a year and I realized how
little they worked like you said but
also how average they were you know I
saw these largely you know middle-aged
dudes who um were no more impressive
than I was and they were crushing it and
instead of having Envy or hate for that
I was super curious I'm like ah this guy
can do it that means I can do it and I
think that's a a huge unlock actually I
was talking with another friend the
other week and I think one of the
secrets to success might be when you see
somebody who has more who is doing
better who has more
money realizing that means that you can
get it as opposed to I hate them because
they have it if you can flip that
mindset on the other side of that lives
nothing but opportunity and and it keeps
I keep finding new rooms in the house
new curtains behind it and I'm not sure
that will ever stop I mean I was talking
to my friend Bill Perkins the other day
who's a a hedge fund manager and Bill um
is very successful huge you know
compound house we're walking around at
I'm like this place is pretty nice and
uh and he said to me Cody um you know do
you think that you because you've been
around small business for so long small
has infected your thinking and I was
like oh God you know I I don't [__] I
don't know and and but then I realized
to him it had because he's got way more
zeros than I do and so like those zeros
become unlocks to the curtain I mean the
the other day I was flying home
yesterday or flying here yesterday and I
sat next to Jeffrey Kent the CEO and
founder of abber cromi and Kent and he
built that business up to multiple
billions of dollars before selling it he
uh played polo with the king is quite
close with King Charles and um you know
uh also has traveled the world came from
nothing in South Africa was in a town in
South Africa where there are only 100
white people which is fascinating um
like mostly was barefoot all throughout
his childhood um and created the luxury
travel Market essentially and I was just
sitting next to him on on the airplane
and I kind of looked at his watch and I
was like that's a nice watch and I sort
of looked at his mannerisms and I was
like I just have a feeling this guy is
worth a lot of money and so I started
chatting with him I just said you know
hi like I'm Cody I'm you know why were
you in town what were you doing in con
and um he lives now in Monaco and what I
thought was so interesting is when I
talked to him I said what do you think
the secret is like you're a billionaire
like what is that how how do you become
that and he said there's really one
ingredient to success and that
ingredient is the thing that everybody
has but everybody
wastes time time he's like I ran my
company for 61 years 61 years running
one company he goes can you imagine what
the compounding looks like in 61 years
focused on one thing he goes this
generation cannot
imagine and and then we went a little
deeper and I said you know what do you
think is the biggest difference between
entrepreneurs today and entrepreneurs
when you were really in the game because
he's in his 80s now and he said well
back then
we we were explorers of the only
Frontier that still existed which was
business you know they were the the
privateers asking money for the king and
queen to buy a ship to go to the to the
new land right except he was doing it in
a business sense he went to China in 76
and was the first person to open up the
Chinese market to travel you know he uh
broke so many bones uh playing Polo that
he had to retire at a young age like
they were hard men and I think about it
with um with with us today I think that
we've become a generation of
vitamin D
deficient uh all birds wearing uh
computer programming alternative milk
drinking softies in many ways and some
of my most successful friends who are
worth so much monetarily their health is
not very strong they don't adventure and
they don't have true difficulty and I
think that's the difference between his
generation and ours and between true
success and not is this idea that I'm
sort of playing with like a third degree
human somebody who has a strong mind a
strong bank account a strong body those
three things all together and where we
don't just take other people's risk
meaning take other people's money to run
our business but we we take the risk
ourselves and I think his generation
really did many things wrong I don't
want to glorify it but I think they did
that right and how much more interesting
is it to do these big huge things and
maybe if you do that you break the frame
entirely um and I every time I meet with
a billionaire my mind just kind of it
expands a little bit more and I think
it's the same way like the first time
you met like my parents weren't
millionaires when I was growing up so
the first time I met a millionaire I
thought whoa like this is what is this
magic land you know this person has so
much money they don't know what to do
with it and then you meet the first
decamillionaire and then you meet the
first 100 millionaire and at each level
not that we want to worship money or
that money is all there is but it is a
scoreboard for a game that a lot of
people are playing in this Society and I
think it's interesting to try to get in
those rooms and these days those rooms
are open you know back when we were
first doing our businesses a billionaire
didn't write a book you know or do a
podcast or do a podcast or tweet or go
shake your hand at a conference that was
unheard of and now they're all
around what have you noticed in
billionaires what's the trend you know
people I've met a quite a lot of
billionaires now and there tends to be
some similarities yeah they all get
there in different by different routes
and different paths but similarities in
character and philosophy yeah one is
I've found most billionaires I've met
have a mission so big it dwarfs the pain
that comes with building because I do
think it's more comfortable by and large
it's more it's like the low dull pain is
being in a job you know that's like kind
of like having a little ache constantly
being in a job being uh an owner an
entrepreneur or trying to strive for
billionaire status is a roller coaster
ride of extreme pain at some points or
maybe you'd say extreme pain at some
points extreme pleasure and you you kind
of go like this right you have to be
able to Wade through that and so I find
that most of them are the opposite of
what I thought they'd be I thought
they'd just be like Scrooge McDuck like
swimming around in their riches they'd
be kind of shallow maybe you know maybe
they'd be super self-interested they'd
only be focused on their own thing they
wouldn't be nice I wouldn't want to meet
them and actually what I find they're
Inc this is going to sound like a gross
generalization but most of them really
want to help you up when they realize
that you're hungry like when they see
the hunger paired with the ability and
willingness to take action they want to
help you it's so rare like if you're
listening and you have that desire but
you actually do the hard things you're
rare you're actually really rare because
everybody says they want it but nobody
really wants to do it I mean I knew I
had to fire one of my employees back in
the day which made me really sad the
second that that person told me that
they had a bunch of
debt uh they were working in the
business with me obviously they had a
bunch of upside in the business but they
decided to take some of their cash and
they were going to invest in a date day
trading uh thing in the stock market and
I said I really don't think you should
do that I think if you want to take that
cash and buy a business we should talk
about that I can help you um if you want
to focus more on a secondary business
that increases your income but if you
want to day trade what you're telling me
is that you want to get rich fast and
you want to speculate that you want to
get lucky you don't want to earn it and
anyway they kind of laughed and then
they did the thing and that was in that
Mo moment I knew you don't have what it
takes at this level maybe you could
change but if you're going to make that
decision now you're telling me you're a
short-term player and long-term games
with long-term people like nval rant
said is the goal so that's what
billionaires have they think longterm I
was actually just talking with a member
of my team on the taxi on the way over
here
and there's a close to a billionaire
that I've become friends with here and I
was like why do you think he's inviting
us to do this stuff you know who this is
and um and I was like I'm not a big
enough name for this like there are
other people you know what's the Thought
here and then what I think I realized is
that this guy is taking a bet that I
might keep growing my social platform
and I might keep spending on it and in
two to three to five years I might be a
really big name and because he
Associates with me now when he needs
something in two to three to five years
I'll be really big and he'll have like a
remember win moment here and he could go
get a Damen JN right and pay to do
something with the Damen JN but then he
doesn't have the remember when moment
because daman's already at the top right
and so that billionaire almost
billionaire is thinking three to five
years out with a potential call option
AKA a maybe possibility how often do we
do that I don't even do that enough and
so that's where I think they're
different it's just this different scope
because probably they see many
curtains with that long-term view they
want to water some seeds
right I I can totally relate to that
I've often say been perplexed in my life
by why extremely rich people wanted to
give me a hand right especially when I
was like 18 kid with an idea all the
enthusiasm in the world you know but you
know you almost don't trust it right it
was so weird yeah i' I've described it
asit being so unusual over and over
again every year for the last years that
when I was 18 19 years old and I stood
on those stages and I went around again
stealing the Chicago toan pizzas in my
spare time de feed myself but all of
these really successful people wanted to
give me a hand like wanted to introduce
me to someone you know give invest in my
business even though I had no
credentials they just saw something in
me that I never understood that would be
an interesting thing to try to break
down what is it that you see in another
human I mean one of the things that
comes to mind for me is how many people
reach out to you every single day a DM
you know I'd love to meet you Stephen
could you help me with this could you I
would get guess a lot none I'm joking I
was gonna say that seems like that
doesn't track but okay so probably a lot
but what I found is interesting is in
the beginning and when I was starting to
be a little public I would respond to
almost all of them almost every single
one I would respond but I would respond
like this I would say happy to help read
this book uh and then do XYZ thing for
me something very small I'm like read
this book first do this small thing do
you know how many people did that [__]
none [__] that's a great saying I'm
going to use that [__] all not a single
person actually did that and then if you
compare that with I think I've hired
five team members now who all reached
out to me with value they gave right
away one of them did this a deep
analysis on my business another one
basically wrote up this whole piece like
she was me um and it was incredible and
for those individuals who actually asked
nothing of me I gave them a job and
opportunity and many of them make six
figures plus and so there might be a
secret there that just the humans who do
are the ones who follow up the the DM
tells me everything I need to know about
the person yeah and I I can give you
every example of every DM that I ever
get and how I filter
them how I know from the first DM
whether they are someone that I should
be connecting with let me give you the
one side of the spectrum the one side of
the Spectrum which I often get
is any jobs go
in in that you've told me everything I
need to know because not only could you
have checked if we had jobs available on
on our many websites where we list our
vacancies you didn't even have enough
effort to like go check out the job site
um didn't say hello poorly structured
message um you think that we hire over
DM on the basis of no pitch at all
that's the extreme example but it
happens you wouldn't believe I will get
any jobs going once a day without fail
on one of my
inboxes and
sometimes and I've never said this
before on the very rare occasion I'm
saying once a year I'll click on the
person's
profile and I'll care about them so much
that I'll send them a voice note so
because I I look I click on their
profile I remember this one kid and he
kind of looked like me oh yeah and he
was a young kid and I remember thinking
I really you know I could just ignore it
it's easy thing to do the hard thing to
do was try and give him some feedback on
like please don't do that to more people
pleasee don't send them any jobs going
question mark So I remember sending one
particular kid like a voice note saying
right listen buddy I'm on your side here
here's some advice um and then on the
extreme end the good end what happened
with that what happened response was he
he he was thankful oh that's good but
when he responded I realized why he was
the type of person that would send any
jobs going maybe a bit of a maturity
issue there sure and then on the other
end you have the perfect Reach Out where
someone realizes that they can't give
you what they're asking to take from you
yeah so someone wants maybe an hour of
your time they know they can't give you
anything worth an hour they can't give
me 50K they can't nothing nothing they
can give me worth the hour of my
time but they do two three things maybe
the first is they realize that and so
they realize that they should offer
something of value even I'm not never
going to take it they but the gesture
itself it's like someone pulling out
their card to pay the gesture itself
matters it does the third thing is they
realize the world that I live in and
that I have no time and they acknowledge
that so they might say listen you get
thousands of messages like this um I
know how busy you are so just by them
saying that I go okay you understand um
could I could I just sit so I see it as
an equation ask for as little as
possible and give whatever you can could
I just sit in the room one day when you
work means a lot to me the third point
there is research the person because
that's a huge show of care I know you're
a big Manchester United fan I know your
dog called Pablo in exchange I will I
don't know [__] I will I've made this
jacket for Pablo I've sewn it myself if
someone said that to me people are going
to do this now Pablo does not need a
jacket we're coming into summer he likes
being naked um but just showing you you
made an effort oh my God it's the keys
to my heart yeah it's true um and then
ego is a great thing as well everyone
has an ego so just acknowledging you've
you've done your research on someone is
another huge way yeah and I think the
sneak too if you're listening is like
skip the famous people they get enough
like forget it EMA them like yeah just
skip them all you know even like sort of
famous people like skip all that and go
to the people with money because often
they're quiet people can't find them
they don't get a lot of reach out and so
if I was young and hungry I would skip
the flash skip the the Bentley skip the
roxes skip the fame and I would go
straight to like who's the richest
sprinkler owner you know like who who's
the guy on your block that has the
biggest house that does something that
sounds so boring to you because you also
learn the most from like the level like
closest to you and if you can kind of
like level up a little bit you know if
you go from you right now to billionaire
and billionaire goes the thing is you
got to work hard kid you're like [__] I
don't know what that means you know but
if if you go to the next person and
you're like no the thing is you have to
send this exact email which is what I
sent to this person they're so much
closer to your climb you know they
remember the steps um and they want to
they want someone to me Mentor they do
yeah they'd be most flattered by you
know that I have 300 sprinklers around
London like they would be blown away by
someone taking such amount of effort and
care to research them exactly yeah and
you know and they probably had to do
really interesting things to create
their wealth that weren't single events
you know if you reach out to somebody
who is now I know about the show on love
Island like what are they going to teach
you like yeah kid be charismatic kind of
hot and get on a TV show he's
application form yeah exactly like
that's not okay and then have a bunch of
money and get famous uh but if you reach
out to somebody who built a toilet
business here like that's there's
probably a lot they had to do
continuously over time that you could
learn from but it's not that sexy so
people don't do it a quick word on hu as
you know they're a sponsor of this
podcast and I'm an investor in the
company and I have to say it's moments
like this in my life where I'm extremely
busy and I'm flying all over the place
and I'm recording TV shows and I'm
recording shows in America and here in
the UK that hu is a necessity in my life
I'm someone that regardless of external
circumstances or professional demands
wants to stay healthy and nutritionally
complete and that's exactly where heel
fits in my life it's enabled me to get
all of the vitamins and minerals and
nutrients that I need in my diet to be
aligned with my health goals while also
not dropping the ball on my professional
goals because it's convenient and
because I can get it online in Tesco in
supermarkets all over the country if
you're one of those people that hasn't
yet tried H or you have before but for
whatever reason you're not a Hu consumer
right now I would highly recommend
giving hu a go and Tesco have now
increased their listings with hu so you
can now get the RTD ready to drink in
Tesco expresses all across the UK why is
it important for you now the last two
years you've started making content why
is it why do you think everybody should
make content what are all the upsides
you've seen in your life some of the
unexpected ones too please that have
resulted from you becoming a content
creator hm what's the most unexpected
one I wanted every single person that I
wanted to reach out to to pick up my
phone call like I don't ever want to be
the person standing in line at the club
I want to own the club I want to get the
invite I'm actually another good example
I was just with my friends in Conan and
they were like let's try to get into
this party or this party I'm like I was
invited to this one I'm going to go to
this one because I don't like doing the
hustling to try to get into the I don't
like it I've never liked it it's
probably a like I should get better at
it I should get over myself who cares
but I was like I'm not going to try to
like finagle my way in that's the
short-term game right right and it feels
gross and it feels thirsty and I want to
be thirsty and so creating content is a
way for you to have unfair access in a
world um you know these days how do I
become friends with billionaires because
they watch my weird content on
laundromats and car washes and they see
something in it and so that if if we
truly believe that
money is power I think the way you get
money is usually people which is like a
theme we've kept coming back to most
people on the internet I think try to
explain how smart they are and what I
hope to express is like I'm not that
smart I just found people you know and
and I think we can all do that so that
was one I don't I don't want to be
standing in line in the club trying to
like finagle my way in I want to find
that what's the what's the back door
that nobody's talking about where they
invite you into it that's one you know
the second is let's pause on that
because I think that's it's that's not
just a nightclub analogy that's that is
a philosophy towards every facet of your
life
being the magnet or the peacock instead
of the door-to-door sales person yeah
like you know what I mean like totally
all my companies have grown on this
basis all of my companies have grown on
the basis this is maybe my biggest one
of my least shared business Secrets is
that all of my companies don't have
outbound sales teams because we make
content and we know I know that 99% of
my competitors are going to go the door
to-door sales rout they're going to go
Network at events you will in the last
10 years you have never seen me swanning
around a network event content is
networking yeah I agree you will never
catch me I I won't have a business card
I'm not going to hand it to you I won't
even be there on stage out the back meet
people hello hello hello out the back
door same straight back onto LinkedIn
yeah to start making content people
don't realize that and it's much easier
it's a much more sustainable more
cost-efficient long-term strategy if
you know how to do it yeah well I mean
and if you actually want to see me like
sweat it would be having to go Network
small talk like oh God I want to die um
and I had to do sales for so long in
finance you know Finance is just all
sales we used to at Goldman we had like
a spreadsheet that they would track
every single day how many cold calls you
made when we were trying to sell a deal
and um it was awful you know I remember
one time I was like pretending like I
understood Golf and so I'm like ah that
was great like how was how was the game
yesterday did you did you get the goal
and they were like what the [__] you
talking about you know I don't know
anything about it miserable um it's like
a fishing rod versus a net isn't it like
the fishing rod can only catch one
fish yeah it's true but if I throw that
[__] net out which is making a
banging video about the subject matter
or the industry I could catch 300 fish
that's exactly right take the same
amount of time yeah I mean it's push
vers pull yeah do you want to have do
you want to pull people to you or do you
want to have to push and you know scream
and I I just am not interested in that
that so that's why I think content so so
powerful the other thing about content
is you find your humans I mean it can
get it can get a little lonely you know
having built a bunch of stuff and had
some success and I've had many times
where over the years the person that
I've become is not the person that the
people I love loved you know and so I
had to I had to move past that [__] yeah
and it's it sounds you know everybody I
I will often tweet things that are
things to myself it's like notes to me
and that happens to be in a tweet form
and one of them is like you know you get
in a room with people who are smarter
than you and then you leave when that's
no longer the case and that's not saying
that you get rid of friends but
typically they'll get rid of you like
when you're outgrowing people it's
uncomfortable for the people that you've
outgrown they don't like to see that you
are moving forward at such a fast
progression I wish I wish it wasn't that
way but you know I had a girlfriend that
I was friends with for [__] you know
now I'm I'm feeling old but like you
know almost 20 years like 18 years and
when I started getting like kind of
notoriety on the internet uh I didn't
realize it bothered her you know but it
did and so you know at one point she's
like you're posting about all your other
friends and not me and I was like oh I
only post business stuff you know I
didn't I didn't my parents aren't on
there's no personal stuff on there I
keep that pretty private so I didn't
realize that was important to you and
this was a rift that just like never
healed and so I think that happens
continuously but I like content cuz then
I find the humans who actually want you
to win like get super inspired by that
and when you find those people I think
it's worth more than the
winnings amen amen there is a shedding
people don't talk about this enough that
when you start putting yourself out
there especially when you start becoming
a quote unquote thought leader yeah the
people that knew you before look at you
and think who the [__] does he think he
is you think you think he'll Gandy or
Martin Luther King Steve yeah like come
back down here with us right you know
that must have happened to you in a big
way yeah I think definitely I almost
think of my life as being in school
leaving to go to university dropping out
of University being a being pretty much
alone and having a chance to reinvent
myself and then emerging as who I really
was yeah and um I have no current
friends that from school still well no
one that I speak to from my school days
and I have no one really even from that
University phase everybody has been
since because you know this is what I'm
into and so it's a new person to
resonate with or not resonate with so
it's it's I think that's actually very
very true I think can't like if you had
friends that were super excited for you
still at this point and were curious and
growing and they don't have to be
monetarily growing it could be totally
different they could be obsessed with
MMA and all they want to do is is do do
Jitsu but that's that's their area of of
expertise you would you would respect
that and value that and you guys could
stay friends but what typically happens
is when you grow a lot it's this it's
like holding a mirror in front of
somebody else and saying all the time
why aren't you doing the things that you
can and the things that you could be
capable of and when people see that
mirror non-stop they start to look at
you and think I don't like what I'm
looking at and so I've I've really had
to come to terms with that too what my
path is is not perfect it's not right I
mean sometimes don't you wish you could
just like actually Netflix and chill
like you didn't want to achieve all the
time I certainly do I'm addicted to
achieving I love it I wish I could slow
down times there's a big difference here
actually because you said you started on
this path at 30 yeah so maybe the reason
I didn't experience it as much is I
started at 18 I hadn't built a career
and I hadn't built social circles around
me when I started to make content and
started these businesses and started you
know talking on the TV about business
and whatever else so I didn't have as
much to shed as much of a builtup
identity to shed oh good point but I do
I meet people all the time that are you
know 40 50 that are thinking about
making an identity pivot that are like
trapped by the identity and Social
Circle they've built yeah and the
expectations that comes with that it's a
good point yeah it's harder the the
bigger the walls you've built in terms
of identity and the more established
your identity is I think that's a really
good point yeah I mean I think I had to
get divorced quit a job move a
city uh and change a lot of things that
weren't who I felt like I was
are you happier now way happier now yeah
but you know it's a miserable thing
leaving another human behind you know
like um you know I don't I don't wish
divorce on anybody I don't like whenever
I meet somebody who's divorce I always
say I'm sorry and congratulations
because it's kind of both um was your
decision it was my decision yeah we just
wanted different lives you know he he
was very happy in a white picket fence
Country Club life and uh wanted a couple
kids and wanted to stay really locally
based and kind of wanted me to not work
and so when I thought about my life I
was like I want to live all around the
world and I want to build something so
big that I can't sleep because I need to
create it and and I want to leave a
legacy that is not um managing director
at a private Equity Firm um and I'm not
ready for kids and and I'm not sure I
want to have kids with
you and he really wanted me to change
and I'm not sure that we should ever try
to change somebody that we're with
there's going to be thousands of people
that have heard you say what you just
said and think [__] that's me yeah I'm
in that job with that partner in that
City and I just know I'm unhappy I can
just feel it there's this like sense of
you know there's a signal inside me
telling me that I shouldn't be here and
I can I can hear it sometimes I I
justify it away or I try and drown it
out but I know what would you whisper to
that person what did you what would have
been words helpful words to this Cody at
36 to whisper to that Cody at
29 two words my dad said to me which is
exit tax so uh when I left it was
expensive uh and both physically and and
emotionally and and uh and I told my dad
about it and he said there's always an
exit tax to
Freedom um and that stuck with me
because I was like oh this is just this
is just a toll it's just a payment but
once it gets paid what's on the other
side that word freedom and one thing
that really helped me actually when I
was going through this which all this is
funny because I don't ever talk about
this stuff but um but I got a little
place like I had like the big house all
the stuff whatever before and I got this
little tiny
townhouse right afterwards actually at
one point like I couldn't get into my
bank accounts and stuff and so I I
didn't have much but I got this tiny
little townhouse that I rented and that
uh tiny townhouse nesting in a place
that was just my own that felt really
safe was one of the weirdest unlocks
that I've ever had I now think about it
as the power of place if you can just
have somewhere else that you go to that
is just yours that's my biggest
recommendation for people that go
through let's say a divorce or a really
tumultuous you know change in partner is
there's something about like a glass of
you know I would have like a little
glass of wine or a cup of tea in this
tiny little townhouse but it was mine it
was like nobody else's I didn't have to
share it I didn't have to compromise I
could just be me and from there I could
sort of recreate again um and I've heard
that now from many many many women at
least who have been divorced that like
that next little tiny place is really
important and I and I think if I could
do it again i' I go back and buy that
place and I'd like maybe I'll buy a few
and I'd give it to women like or men
right after they get out of their thing
because it's almost like you need to
stand on your own Feet Again you forget
how to so I would just remember there's
an exit tax to freedom and then on the
other side don't you know I like to say
like you know I don't think you
shouldn't strive for divorce you know I
think marriage is tough and
relationships are tough and there's a
huge benefit to working through things
with one human for life I take that very
seriously but if you are in fact in
something that is unhealthy and that you
should not be in realizing that the
other
side is so much better than I ever could
have imagined I mean I would not have
the life that I live right now which is
pretty [__] great life if I had
stayed on the side of easy and now you
know when I told my mom she like cried
for days and you know questioned it and
you know was like how are you going to
do this and now now uh she's the
opposite she's like you know yeah was
such the right decision I'm so happy for
you and we'll say things to me like you
were so brave which is weird for me to
say out loud but that you did that
because most people would stay um so
that's what I would say there's
definitely freedom on the other side do
you set goals yeah definitely how did
you set your goals and what goals do you
have well one of the ways that I figured
out uh how to get divorced was actually
I set a date on my calendar so I was
like I'm going to commit to fixing this
and therapy and all of this stuff but if
and here's what we're going to do and
here's the plan and if we can't fix it
and this is like my drop dead date
because I was such a wuss I couldn't do
it unless I put on the calendar um so
I'm a big calendar person I I really
like having a deadline when I was
started writing this book my due dates
in like four weeks or something like
that and it's not like I look at it
frequently but it's just out there yeah
it's just this it's this thing that gets
put in your psyche and somehow you can
work backwards so much easier from a
date so it sounds so silly but most
humans will say well in one year or
three years or five years I'm like put
it on your calendar like whatever that
actual timeline is and then try to work
backwards and then for most
goals I believe in short-term goals 100%
maybe daily weekly monthly annually but
three or 5e goals who knows I mean you
wouldn't have thought you were doing
this two years ago my [__] chance I
wouldn't have thought so so either so
like I might have a really big vision
for 10 years or 20 years but as I get
closer I might realize oh God actually
nope that's not what I want so allowing
yourself that freedom to not want to be
the hot sexy Rich millionaire with
Bentley and instead say oh no what I
actually want to do is I want to talk
about what I want to talk about with
whom I want to talk about owning
companies I want to and having no master
that's what Rich looks like for me and
if you had stuck with your original
goals that wouldn't have been the case
you got team members yeah employees yeah
some of them are here listening probably
and does it not feel like it's a bit of
a contradictory message in some ways
where you're trying to get them to
stay but part of their job is to get
produce content with you to get other
people to leave their jobs yeah so I
have a really important differentiator
between equity and ownership in a
business and skin in the game I do not
think everybody wants to be a founder of
a business I don't think everybody wants
to be an outright owner of a business I
think everybody should have ownership
always and so the way that looks in our
business is basically every single
person who works for me even all the way
down to my admin gets skin in the game
so that means that if they do X and Y
and Z they see how they can make more
money directly if they come on to my
team they can all Source us deals and
get a percentage of the carry which
means equity in the underlying companies
I know you know that but for anybody
listening um everybody on my teams
always has had that and then you know
the the other members of my team and
businesses before like my last uh number
two I then left the business to her she
became the CEO of the business so she
has ownership of the business I don't
like I should be really careful about
the fact that if anybody on my team and
they already know this we just sent a
message yesterday somebody asked for
like a testimonial from me about work
that they had done but their work wasn't
very good so I wasn't going to give them
a testimonial and I said to the team any
one of are high performers if you ever
want to leave this company and you're
great at this company one of course I'll
open every door for you and I'll write
any testimonial or whatever you need and
in fact if you want to start your own
business I hope I'm the first phone call
because I would like to invest in you I
want to be that guy that saw that in you
no doubt every single time but that's
not for every human Some Humans want to
be in a business like my number two my
CMO Chris he doesn't want to run a
business himself but he does want
ownership so he has skin in the game
from both a revenue perspective and from
a followership perspective same with my
head of content same with Christian and
our AdSense and our YouTube channel so I
think it's really important that you
make sure when you continue to work
harder you make more no matter
what so many people have philosophies
towards money you know people will say
oh you got to save more than you spend
you got to [__] not have the
Starbucks Coffee that's how you'll get
rich what is your overarching philosophy
to Building Wealth and money do you have
something like a philosophy a
mantra well uh first I think you should
have the [__] coffee I think that is
terrible advice um so I I like Dave
Ramsey I get where he's going with it
but um I think you cannot save your way
to wealth you can only earn your way to
wealth but my Mantra overall is that I
think every human on the planet should
understand the language of money which
is finance and if you understand the
language then you can speak it flu and
when you can speak it fluently you can
become an expert in it and expertise
leads to a bunch of cash and so
everything we do is to try to normalize
deal making or the language of Finance
we're like the DU lingo to Finance on
the internet um and I think I mean we
have a goal of we want to create 100,000
small business owners and 1 million
financially free people and we track how
many people tell us they bought a
business and how much revenue and profit
they earned and so my goal is before
we're done with this however long that's
going to be I want to hit those two
goals and I think we'll hit them in the
next five years maybe seven um but
that's that is that is the the gold star
for me that and my new mantra which you
might appreciate which is my 2023 Mantra
is like no more B players oh my God
because that was my 2021 Mantra my 2022
Mantra that was my that'll be my 2024
Mantra did you have you seen those stats
where it shows about sitting next to B
play oh this is so good my friend
Vanessa van Edwards showed this to me so
there's this study done
across hundreds of individuals might be
hundreds of companies it's a big study
um and essentially it shows if you sit
next to an uh a high performer yeah so
if you have your team sit next to a high
performer you do you will outperform by
15% so a high performer just in your
proximity will increase your performance
by 15% if you sit next to a low
performer or underperformer it will
decrease your productivity by
30% so every B player you bring on board
is not just decreasing their
productivity by 30% it is that energy
transfer which is that everybody around
them becomes a little bit less
productive and I think one of the
reasons people want to be owners of
companies is because they feel that
people want to stay at companies where
there's a bunch of winners it's why I
liked Goldman I was like these guys are
so smart I'm learning so much I want to
keep going when I was at Vanguard I was
like oh my God these schs are just
schlepping around the office not doing
anything I'm not learning anything and
they're by you know design sort of
pulling you back and down and so I I
keep that number on a notepad next to my
computer for me to one not be the
underperformer and two it's not just
about getting rid of underperformers for
you as a CEO it's not good to do to your
team so you know we've definitely have
have had them in varing companies of
mine but we push relentlessly to either
make people better or help them find the
thing that they can be in a performer at
do you know who's very sticky in
companies who B players oh God I know C
players will get fired B players will
hang around that's exactly right and a
players will probably leave yeah and
well a players will leave if you keep
being C players they're gone true
they're not interested B players will
hang and they will think that you owe
them more is what I found yes they are
the ones that ask for the most they're
the most entitled and uh they're the
most dangerous in a company it's like a
cancer that you need to to cut before it
spreads which sounds like okay really um
but it's actually true because your
employees are choosing to spend their
life and their time with you and so
every B player that you associate next
to them is actually decreasing their
time and that's not a fair thing to do
to somebody in the company doesn't make
firing people easier it's never easy
it's never
easy but it's important yeah what's the
most important thing you think we
haven't talked
about you know we talked at the start of
this ation about who's listening and you
gave me the three personas and we talked
about that person that's maybe in that
job and they're trying to find their way
out what is the most important thing for
that person that we haven't maybe
touched on maybe just one of my team
members was saying this on the way over
they're big fans of yours they listen to
all your stuff uhhuh and um are they a
players and looking for jobs yeah well
actually one of them lives here and uh
and is a um is freelance so he could
work for you if you've touch my other
one I'm going have to it's going to be
over which one's the a player they're
both they're both a players okay no we
were pretty good I definitely wouldn't
travel around with B players no chance
um so the um and he said something that
I thought was really good which was um
he was listening to your podcast and he
liked one in particular where you talked
about
um like all the the failings of people
who are successful and so the only thing
that we haven't talked about is the fact
that
you know we say all this stuff like
don't keep be players around get rid of
them you know do this get better and and
and on the flip side of that like there
are many mornings where I'm up at 8 or
9ine and not 5: in the morning and there
are many mornings where um I'm stuck in
a Tik Tock you know Instagram khole and
I'm not doing the thing that I'm
supposed to be doing and I think
normalizing the fact that people who
have achieved things also are awful [__]
up don't do the right thing every single
day is important to me because sometimes
I get on these and like I don't want
people to perceive that I'm on some high
horse that's incredibly capable and
productive that's not always the case at
all I have many periods where I have not
done the right thing where I've messed
up on business deals where uh I am the
worst in the room and and I think that's
okay it's natural we're human we're
going to mess up so just making sure
people know that listening you don't
have to be perfect to do any of this and
in fact I'm sure you would agree we're
both so flawed that if I can figure this
stuff out I think any working John can
figure this stuff out too I'm no smarter
than anybody else I went to a party
school I didn't go to Harvard you know I
probably did more beer bongs than I did
you know honors classes in college and
and I still figured it out and it took
me until I was you know 29 or 30 but
that's still pretty young um so we have
a closing tradition on this podcast
where the last guest leaves a question
for the next guest I love this question
they
said when was the moment you were most
afraid
if they don't want to answer it who's
your favorite member of One
Direction that's great but you don't
tell them who the person was that that's
oh fine um one I couldn't even name that
so I'm going to have to uh answer the
question when was I most afraid actually
um so funny they are a comedian I'm
going to give it away oh okay so when
was I last most afraid um or when was I
most afraid ever this is sort of silly
but um
I hiked a mountain called Mike Mount
Baker and uh it is a technical climb so
you use ice axes and crampons and it's
freezing and I didn't really know what I
was getting into and um I don't like the
cold and I don't like heights and I
don't like camping and so 3 days hiking
a glacial Mountain um that's very high
it was like probably not my best idea
but I but I did it and um I hated it
like for three days I was with all these
other women and they kind of like liked
it and I to be fair I like kind of
thought I was tougher than them you know
and they know this so they can hear it
but you know a lot of them I have this
big career I I come off as tough I can
you know get out there go do it and then
here I was on this mountain I'm [__]
miserable I'm scared of the heights that
I'm going to fall off and Tumble to my
death I'm freezing I have to sleep on
top of a glacier I can't sleep you're
carrying your your feces in a bag for 3
days which is another fun little side
note and we get up on the second day
it's so vertical that you have to be
roped in to each other on the climb and
I'm at the end of it too which is awful
so I all I you know I'm the one that
sees behind us the guides in front
there's like six of us or four of us on
a rope or something like that and we get
up after climbing for two days I'm so
miserable and mad that I said yes to
this and we're on this crater because
there's a volcanic crater before we
climb up what's called the wall which is
an ice wall before you get to the top
where you have to step like like this
with your ice axe to get up the wall and
I like I'm like I almost want to cry I
can't think of anything I want to do
less than this and everybody's preparing
to go up and um and I'm just
like I don't think I'm GNA I'm not going
to go up anymore and I had all these
ideas in my head like but if you don't
sum it like then you're not tough and
you got to get up there cuz these other
women are going to do it and then you're
going to feel bad and whatever and as I
sat there I was just like what am I
trying to prove like I'm pretty happy
Life's good like I don't have on my
bucket list that I want to Summit Mount
Baker I just kind of said yes to this
trip and it wasn't even the heights that
was so scary or the cold it was like am
I like a failure by not doing this tough
thing that everybody else is going to do
and am I going to be the one person that
says like I'm out I'm going down I'm
tapping out I'm done and I like had this
whole dialogue with
myself and then I told the guide and
there were a few of them I was like yeah
the thing is I'm going to go back down
I'm going to chill at like base camp I'm
not going to Summit and my girlfriends
came over and they were like let's talk
about this let's get motivational and
I'm like no totally fine I just realized
up here that most of my life I've been
trying to like please a bunch of people
to goals I don't care about with things
I don't really want in order to achieve
some ridiculous thing and like I don't
want to climb up there I'm gonna be
pissed if I fall and break my neck doing
this thing I don't even want to do and
so I tell the guide he's like cool I've
never run faster down the side of a
mountain I get down to the bottom I'm
happy as a [__] clam at that point I
realize I have altitude sickness so I'm
like tripping balls in the tent which is
really good that I realized that cuz
then when I was climbing the wall I
might have gotten dizzy and that
wouldn't have been good and I didn't
realize when you got altitude sickness
you it's it's hallucinogenic so the
tent's like moving as I'm laying in it
but I'm great because I'm back in the
tent on the the like a second Peak area
and then on the way down like two of the
women blew out their knees it was like a
six-hour Evolution and I just remember
thinking [__] like what if I had done
that thing I was so scared of just
because everybody else told me that I
should have done it and I felt like it
took more courage for me to not do the
thing then do the thing so many people
are right now climbing a mountain where
they don't even care about seeing the
view right you know right why do we do
that so yeah I think sometimes you know
they say everything you want is on the
other side of fear and it's like if the
thing that you want is the thing on the
other side of fear it's not every fear
we have to charge into and so I guess
choose your Mountain wisely
right amen thank you Cody thank you for
your time your wisdom and your
entertaining captivating storytelling
and uh and insights it's really really
valuable to our audience there's not
many people like you out there so it's
so wonderful to to get to speak to
someone and the mission that you're on
is such an important one I love it for
so many reasons I love it because you
you glamorize the unglamorous and I
often think in so many facets of our
life the easiest way is in fact the
boring way yeah it's the the way that
isn't going to get the likes and the
Applause on Instagram and there's not
there's not a market for that right
there's a market for the quick
shiny six pack abs and three minutes all
that stuff there's the a market for that
all the nfts the cryptos the get-rich
quick schemes you present the important
counter narrative and you do it as an
incredibly powerful honest willing to be
vulnerable woman in business and we need
more of that because business and the
the the creater world of the
entrepreneurship Community is heavily
dominated by men right now and that is
that is not a bridge that um many people
can relate to those stories and where
they've come from and the battles that
they face so you present the counter
narrative and it's a very important one
so I also bet on you like our mutual
friend does in a big way and I can't
wait to see your Evolution as you climb
that worthy Mountain over the next
couple of years well thank you for
having me this was a pleasure totally
different podcast I can see why so many
people listen to you so thank you for
having me today you're very kind thank
you
Cody ladies and gentlemen as you know
Zoe is now sponsoring this podcast and
I'm a proud investor in the company and
I've been going on the Zoe Journey
myself it all starts with this home
testing kit you get sent in the post
which measures your gut health your
blood sugar and your blood fat I've had
this little device this blood sugar
glucose sensor on my arm which came in
the home testing kit to understand how
all of the different foods that I eat
day today have an impact on my body and
it's been pretty unbelievable a big
thing for me is feeling tired after I've
eaten something and not understanding
why historically I didn't understand now
I do understand I'd been eating I think
it was like a rice stir fry with a bit
of chicken and some chili sauce in there
and I saw on my blood glucose chart on
my phone which is connected to the
device that Zoe sent me this huge Spike
and then later in the day I saw a huge
dip when I started feeling that sort of
post Lune slump and what will happen
next is Tim tells me they'll take all of
that data and give me my own
personalized Zoe scores for any food so
I can figure out what I should be eating
and what I should avoid if I want to
avoid those afternoon slumps and if you
want to get started on your Zoe Journey
with me use the code we've got an
exclusive code here
ceo1 for 10% off and let me know how you
get on when it arrives
[Music]
you got to the end of this podcast
whenever someone gets to the end of this
podcast I feel like I owe them a greater
debt of gratitude because that means you
listen to the whole thing and hopefully
that suggests that you enjoyed it if you
are at the end and you enjoyed this
podcast could you do me a little bit of
a favor and hit that subscribe button
that's one of the clearest indicators we
have that this episode was a good
episode and we look at that on all of
the episodes to see which episodes
generated the most subscribers thank you
so much and I'll see you again next time